Wei Xian
It's not like your criminal style
You don't like him, do you?
How is that possible?
I just don't hate him as much as I used to
If you don't hate it, the highest probability is to like it.
Come, come, come and sit here
I have something to discuss with you.
I make it difficult for you
for love
Mr. Li
It seems that the old lady really likes Miss Ming
In fact, I also think Miss Ming is not bad
Why don't you think about it and shut up?
I said I would continue to be responsible
That's right.
Continue to check with Brother Ming's background. How's it going?
I'm still checking, and it is estimated that there will be results in 7 days.
If Mr. Li finally finds out
Your savior is really Miss Song
What would you do?
I took his first
Merge those responsibilities and marry him
What about Miss Ming?
He's just my secretary.
Oh, I see.